
Bajaj Fiserve 6.5LPA 
My Interview Questions-
 Core Java-
What are OOPS concepts in java explain with real world example
How did you apply OOPS concept in your project. Explain with example.
What is multithreading in java
Why we use interface in java
Diff between interface and abstract class
Explain thread life cycle
Why java is not pure Object-oriented programming language
What is static keyword in java
Explain final keyword
What is serialization. Why we need it?
Why we use collection. Diff bet arraylist and linkedlist
Where we use set and where we use list?
Explain collections class.
Diff between Hashmap and hashtable.
Data Structures-
Data structures and its types.
Stack and queue.
Sorting algorithms and its complexity.
﻿
﻿
Advanced Java-
Why we use spring framework?
Why springboot when we have spring?
What is hibernate?
Why we use AOP?
What is Dependency injection? Why we use it?
What are different design patterns?
What is microservices and how did you use in your project?
What is JWT?
What is authorization and authentication?
What is coupling and cohesion in springboot?
What is diff between REST and SOAP?
SOA in springboot?
﻿
React Js-



1.introduction , explain project 
  2.why we do programming
  3.what is oops
  4.all pillers of oops with example , how we achive all pillers in java  
  5.error vs exception
  6.what is exception handling
  7.which java version you used , latest version of java
  8.java 8 feature
  9.checked vs unchecked
  10. parent class of exception
  11.try catch code and asking about output
  12.stackoverflow , classnotfound
  13.@springbootapplication ? , @RequestMapping
  14.server inside springboot , type of server's
  15.internal woking of hashset
  16.types of joins and explain it
  17.delete vs drop vs truncate
   
  3  codes
  
  1.Two Sum - Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return the two numbers such that they add up to target.
       Input: nums = [3,2,4], target = 6 Output: [2,4]
  
  2. Given an array nums containing n distinct numbers in the range [0, n], return the only number in the range that is missing from the array.
        Input: nums = [3,0,1]
        Output: 2
  
  3.Given a string s, find the length of  the longest substring without repeating characters
       Input: s = "abcabcbb" Output: 3
    
    
    
    HR round (around 45 min)
    
    1.Introduction , why you choose IT
    2. explain project
    3.project structure (group mem,how you create group ,who is leader)
    4.technologies for project
    5.tool used for project
    6.are you acting as leader
    7.which difficulty faced during project
    8. how you solve it
    9.why you choose springboot(adv over spring)
    10.serialization ,Derialization
    11.What is Dependency Injection
    12.what accual mean of @Autowierd annotation
    13.What is Design Pattern
    14.Singalton ,FactoryDesign
    15. try finally code and ask for ans
    
    2 code
    
    1.swapping 2 nob without using 3rd var
    2.swapping 3 nob without using 4rt var
